new version for the kids:

WC&MP landing page for the kids: presented as text.  future versions will be question boxes, on answering, student will be shown the official "answer" text.

slogan: "WC&MP : more than mp3s & memes"

boring explain story text: What is WC&MP: the online course?  You may have guessed, it means World Culture & Music Production. It already happened once in Winter 2020, is cyclical and revolutionary in nature, and "students" On the first day, I asked each student what they wanted to get out of the class; four answered blah blah "music production" and one said "learning to learn" (not exactly). Wonderfully clear and simple. So, I adjusted. Only those who experienced it know if the amount of World and Culture increased or decreased!

human and reasonable goals of a simple, flexible and ever-building structure: between classes, all participants must sacrifice time, energy and focus working on the course. duh? the way of was a mix of surprising lecture, difficult or "confusing" (vague or open-ended) activity, repeated emphasis and wasted opportunities for questions about "homework", "lecture", or "activity". Not-guaranteed problem solving at first attempt.  Frustration.  Forming, storming, norming as much as possible as students fall into their roles, finally performing. Ask each student to share their story of "why we failed" or "what we gained" and "how i've grown".  At the end of the course, do you know the intentions and capabilities of your teacher?  How about yourself?  Classmates?  Wingbirds?

next step: if the band is to survive, we all must be clear on our roles, strengths and weakness. luckily, through honesty, practice and repeated meetings, this knowledge will easily emerge. a challenge:  5 students vs 1 teacher, same time limit.  each student can control one element or instrument, up to 5.  teacher can use up to 5 elements.  at the end of time, must have recieved art(ist)name-trackname(0).wav correctly formatted with "comment" and "img".  students "band" and teacher "one-man-band". 

reward: if students win (or achieve noteworthy length, completion, interestingness, understandablity, emotion, etc) they can win up to 10 (5x2) free classes.  If they lose, they must admit they still suck at producing and continue to pay teacher.

ratings: at the end of each class, everybody gets this RATINGS PAGE: *****, any * less than 5 requires one "why" text comment of reasonable length and time.  
Each day and after finishing the ratings, or after the course is over, access is granted to World Map and Wingbird Missions.


page for bai laoshi (01.04)+(01.05)+(01.06) +(01.13)
inspired by my work in 2020 (we did it!)
and your willingness to look at the website i'm building,
I decided to build you a specific landing page:
first, a question about a character (or tonal position) to spark motivation and frame the journey: 

 In addition to "mysterious or confusing", how about "obviously challenging" and "inpractical? unbelievable! deconstructable?"? 

______________________ [done writing my comment]

(physics hypothesis: the equal and opposite reaction should be an increase in clarity, ease and practical ability)

specifically important for me is that the curriculum (or "website") needs to be focused and reasonable.

it seems reasonable that I can focus on 3 keys.  Each key is always present but directly encountered in order.  Each key can unlock any door (eg, places on the website, functions, customization) that requires it.
"keys open doors" is not a key, but it will be repeated thematically throughout the course (website).

the first key is "who are you" 
	(:how you are you?) 
	(:who will you become, and who are you when "no-one" is watching?)
	(:you do not get strong by going to the gym once; what are the benefits of a coach, what are the drawbacks?)
		
		get to know the students, let them know me (through stories, heart connection, and what I choose to promise them), and let them know each other + work together.
		-fun, confusing, class time is not used to produce "music"

		[no "homework" assigned by me, in the beginning of each class after teacher ask each of them how they are, if they haven't told me, then can ask them something like "how have you been? what have you been up to?"]->(cool/curious continuum) at the end of day TA writes or draws awareness of the student's power levels, environment 
		
		{in-class activities include listening to the teacher talk about seemingly random topics, writing about their current hobbies and future hobbies; listing 34 verbs they like; writing (and then later recording a sound for/of) all the nouns they can find in their room and later one other room in their house; identifying adjectives to describe themselves; choosing adjectives and adverbs to describe their "artist name"; working together to tell a folk story from their culture (words and background image/music); working on a mask for 6 minutes, 5 minutes, and 4 minutes (and each time, choosing to start anew or continue work on the old); assembling an ordered playlist (artist name - track title + comment); choosing a favorite humorous moment from a movie; committing to one small shift in their mindset; wishing "it" was easier; wishing they were better; creating verb object pairs of things they did or want to do; presenting about a lesson from the Ableton website; favorite foods; favorite color; favorite food they can cook; taking an "impossible" quiz generated from students answers to most of the questions above}

the second key is "homework" 
	(:why not the laws of thermodynamics?)
	(:music production is like--?)
	(:how did you fail?)

		explore concepts of sacrifice, effort, and "pretend you payed 500 rmb for each hour with me". 
		-fun, challenging, class time is used to complete 20 minute "challenges" in Ableton and 

		[homework will be assigned from prepared "challenges" and probably too much for them to do all of, also will probably not ask them about it]

		{groups of three, write a "jingle" or "tv show theme music"; give me a painting of something that doesn't have the thing in it}


the third key is "get it together" 
	(:how much % like that song can you?)
	(:teamwork makes the _____ work?)

	"it's okay to be disturbed or even uncomfortable." why? and for how long?  
	"its awesome to fail (you tried!)." How would you retell the story of David's run? 
	let anger motivate you.  we make stronger decisions running away from pain rather than chasing pleasure (we either want to move away from pain or towards pleasure). all change starts with being honest? what are your priorities?

family spent 2020  - online-class technology and teaching languages
2021 plans
china
america - higher participation rate
making it perfect

curriculum needs to be focused and reasonable
world culture is a good idea
experiential learning
experience culture develop analytical and thinking skills
music and understanding another culture into a package
understanding us culture through a particular musician
document (project based learning) - give them project, as they complete they build understanding (through x, y, z)
"flip class room" - show them how to do it independantly
analytical thinking and critical thinking
becoming global - develop intercultural understanding and empathy
practical skills - can show i have had this creative thinking online class
this project enabled me to think critically and write clearly
allow them to package themselves to succeed
 
world culture may appeal to parents, but scare kids
learning about america through lady gaga
bob dylan

make the learning material more interesting an meaningful
establish a purpose for learning
make each learning unit managable and feasible
most importantly must connect to the students

be more empathetic - start from a soup.  start with what they understand.  start concrete and move absract
1. fundemental understanding (who said what to whom)
show and teach them how to ask good questions
2. what would be a question to ask (from literal to inferencial then critical)
english skills not adaquate 

create intellectual curiousity (babies sticking everything in mouth).
how to develop it. some parents encourage or discourage
day 1 i must convince them that i have the power to taste their poisonous soup

crucial:  unlearning (first year chinese - babies can produce any possible sound, you forgot things you used to know, or you have been learned this is wrong) de-learn or re-learn
unpack and repack.
unlearning skill.  social stereotype  
"dumb" talking certain behavior is "Bad"

college board daily lessons

work in pairs to ask questions (thats a learning process)